Now that we have Android installed, the next thing that we need is node James and what no jailhouses
is not the top search result.
No, no, we have to go down here and we want to download this.
No, Jess is a software that is basically vital to running react native locally.
And so we want the latest version, the long term support.
This is the recommended for most users.
And once we download that, what we want to do is we want to go ahead and go through the installation
procedure once it's done.
And what this is going to give us is is going to give us a whole suite of tools that need of can use
to basically launch and manage, react native.
Now, we'll go through the preparation of installation, will press next, accept the licensing terms
next, so keep everything to the default.
We're going to leave everything as it is going to press next, automatically install the updates.
Next, we're going to go through the installation procedure.
We're going to say yes.
And then once all of this is done.
We're basically going to restart Visual Studio code and I'm going to show you why, because once we
restart Visual Studio Code, I want to show you something.
I want to show you something really, really cool.
So now that this is installed, we're going to see finish, we're going to press, enter and enter and
it's going to install additional tools for no.
Yes, we're going to say, do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?
So press enter, make sure you press enter when it asks you these things.
We're going to press, enter, enter.
And so what it's going to do is it's going to install chocolatey, some type of software that allows
Power Shell to do all of this extra cool stuff.
It's going to go through this entire procedure.
Things can go wrong here.
So make sure if things do go wrong that you reach out to our amazing community or copy.
Pasting the error into Google often leads you onto a good trail.
Now, all of these installation steps are basically so that your Windows computer will be enabled to
use nogs in the right way.
And so we're going to let it do this.
We're going to let it run with this do this entire installation procedure.
And once it's done, doing this will have no jobs available to kind of utilize with visual studio code.
So it took a good five or six minutes for that to finish up and then the blue screen, the power shell
disappeared.
Now, if we open up, power shall.
What we'll see here is that we now have access to the command node.
Now this is what we want, so let's exit that.
And now in Visual Studio Code, what we have the ability to do is we have the ability to use the terminal.
So if we open a new terminal, we will be able to see here is that we also have access to the node command,
huh?
No, it is not recognized as a command.
Why?
Well, let's restart Visual Studio Code because it may not have updated everything that it needed to.
So now let's try that again node and now it has access to it.
So if we type exit, it's not going to work.
But if we press control, see press control, see again.
So you have to press twice pressing control, see twice exits you out of node.
So now that we have access to node, what we want to do is we want to install something called Yorn.
And yarn is a different type of package manager, and what we want to do with yarn is we want to install
it.
So the installation kind of goes like this NPM install minus G yarn.
So let's run that command.
NPM is another package manager that is installed with node.
So if we do NPM minus install minus G yarn.
What this is going to do is it's going to install yarn globally, so now if you press yarn.
It's going to say, hey, I don't know what your is, so let's go ahead, close this.
Open visual studio code again, and it will have refreshed.
And now if we run the command.
Huh?
Why is this happening?
NPM Yorn cannot be loaded because running scripts is disabled on the system for more information.
Figure out this part.
So let's go ahead.
And let's copy this link.
And let's go look at what's actually there, because it doesn't make sense.
So if we execute this.
What we're going to see is we don't have something called an execution policy.
So how do we go about turning that on?
All right, well, it seems that we need to enable an execution policy, and so how do we do that?
So what we're going to do now is we're going to open a power show.
And by opening power shell, what we're going to type is the following set.
Dasch execution policy space remote signed.
Space vache, scope current user, so you want to fill this in as it is right here, and by doing this,
what we're going to do is we're going to give the current user an execution policy.
So we're going to say yes.
And then by doing this, we're going to restart Visual Studio code again.
And what we're going to see is that when it reboots all of this and we press yarn now, it's going to
work.
So what we basically did here to summarize it, is we installed node with node came NPM, which is node
package manager.
It's basically something that's going to install a bunch of stuff for us.
But we didn't want to use that because the recommended one by Facebook is something called yarn.
Yarn is also a package manager.
So we needed a node and yarn.
And why we need yarn is because safe, stable, reproducible projects.
So basically if we go look at our package, JSON of our project, it has a bunch of dependencies right
here.
And yarn is what we need to use to install all of these dependencies.
So the question is, why did I need to install node and why did I need to install yarn?
Well, node is what's used by Riak native to basically run Riak native.
And Yorn is what is necessary to install all of these dependencies.
That's why we needed to go through these steps.
And Yoran initially wasn't available to run as a command because we didn't have the right permissions.
So by running that command and power shell, we gave ourselves permissions.
That is the summary of what went on here.
It's super confusing, I know.
And there's a lot of different steps and permissions and all of this stuff.
But two things remain certain.
Make sure you install node, make sure once you install node that you're patient because the installation
can take a while.
Once you install node, make sure you install Yorn.
Make sure also that you reboot visual studio code like I did because it may not be immediately accessible.
And you may you may hit some walls there and then install yarn globally.
NPM install minus Gihan and you'll see once you install yarn it's going to install, but it's not going
to be available.
Then we set the permissions and so now everything is set up.
We've installed we now have our yard lock file, which means that you've been successfully installed
all of the packages.
And now that we have our yarn log file and all of our dependencies are installed, we can go ahead and
try to run focus time, which is what we wanted to do all along.
So I'm so excited.
The next video, we're going to jump right into it.